1) What do you understand By Database
--> A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system.
 A database is usually controlled by a database management system (DBMS).

2) What is Normalization
--> Database normalization or database normalisation is the process of structuring a relational database in accordance with a series
 of so-called normal forms in order to reduce data redundancy and improve data integrity. It was first proposed by British computer 
 scientist Edgar F. Codd as part of his relational model

3) What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?
--> What is the Difference between DBMS and RDBMS? DBMS stands for Database Management System, and RDBMS is the acronym for the 
Relational Database Management system. In DBMS, the data is stored as a file, whereas in RDBMS, data is stored in the form of tables.

4) What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?
--> Codd's twelve rules are a set of thirteen rules (numbered zero to twelve) proposed by Edgar F. Codd, a pioneer of the relational 
model for databases, designed to define what is required from a database management system in order for it to be considered relational,
i.e., a relational database management system (RDBMS).

5) What do you understand By Data Redundancy?
--> Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, whereas data inconsistency is when the same data 
exists in different formats in multiple tables. Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency, which can provide a company 
with unreliable and/or meaningless information.

6) What is DDL Interpreter?
--> DDL Interpreter interprets the DDL statements and records the generated statements in the table containing metadata.

7) What is DML Compiler in SQL?
--> A data manipulation language (DML) is a computer programming language used for adding (inserting), deleting, and modifying (updating) 
data in a database. A DML is often a sublanguage of a broader database language such as SQL, with the DML comprising some of the operators 
in the language.

8) What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints?.
--> SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table. Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go 
into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint 
and the data action, the action is aborted.

9) What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?
--> A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. DML 
triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event. DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or 
DELETE statements on a table or view.